
Once upon a time, there lived a princess who was kept locked away in her mother's castle. She was
very popular and beautiful, but had few real friends. Many men fell in love with her beauty and grace,
but she was forbidden by her overprotective mother to see any of them as she was still very young.

One day, through a friend, the princess was introduced to a boy, and they instantly fell in love. The
princess was still forbidden to date, so they kept their love a secret. They began seeing each other
in secret whenever they could, until one day her mother learned of their love.

They were forbidden to see and speak to each other at all. Try as they might to communicate, the powers
that be kept their love from blossoming, and eventually they lost communication and drifted apart, but
never forgetting the idea of the life they once vowed to give each other.

For a long time they never spoke and built new lives without each other, convinced fate had both brought
them together and driven them apart, until one day they ran into each other again as adults. When they
saw each other again, the flames immediately rekindled in their hearts as they gazed upon one another.

Now as adults, they realized there was no one to tell them no, yet the love they still felt was in
conflict with the new lives they had created. Try as they might, the incongruencies of their lives
would not mesh as they had each fallen in love with other people in the time since.

But still they persued their love as it rang more truely than all others they had ever known. To deny it
was to deny themselves their very existence. The persuit of their love caused much turmoil and conflict
in the land, putting the families involved in controversy and at odds.

----

"Art? What is art? A moment detatched from reality!"

"People would rather suffer than fight evil.

Is life really worth fighting for?
I don't think so, unless you have someone worth saving.."

"The winds of change rise upon us. The tides of fate have turned.."

"I'm looking for a portal into the simulation."

A living house, which absorbs and traps the energy and soul of the inhabitants..
I wonder if she thinks about me - I wonder if she knows how much I... well, doesn't matter.